Update User Guide for Edit command (#66)
AY2324S2-CS2103-F15-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…​`

* Edits the person at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list. The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​
* Edits the person at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the current displayed person list. The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.

> * Existing values will be updated to the input values.

Reviewer: I think the previous description is sufficient?

Reviewer 2: The new description seems more specific but I think we should add that it is for the "specified field" instead of just field.

Author: Okay! I have changed it! Thanks

* You can remove all the person’s tags by typing `t/` without specifying any tags after it.

> * This command will check for duplicate contact before edit is executed. Check will be conduct on whether `p/PHONE_NUMBER` already exists on another contact if it is edited. If the new edited phone number is the same as the old one, the command will go through.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This command will check for duplicate contact before edit is executed. If the new phone number is used by another person, the command will show an error.
```
Would this be better?
